As a server logistics company for Hanshin,
Participate in the party of the party
Sharing information and improving leaders
If you say to activate communication
I am happy to work with the video conference system
The lowest price is 4 Kosaka's police do not live in happiness
The problem of time to move
It was very big starting from the problem of the former deputy secretary
It is called
There is a schedule to play and everyone gathers
You do not need to adjust
I said that I want to do this now and I want to do it
It is not good to meet the schedule
If there is an opportunity loss increased, I will shift the timing
It was said that there was a way to go
We introduce with baht this fall-
Member of the House of Representatives of Information Hotel like Hitachi
Well from the other point of view while having the ability to share
To introduce a system that is open and there is also this summer
The information that each of them has, and then this
I can share the moment
This was the first time buying advantage
Information that is the source of revenue
Is important
Not yet completed as a result
I just talked to the previous president
Regarding the sharing of Mingfeng, it has been completed since 1996
I really like cars I like
Information on important central meetings, but
Kazuo Murano
This product is made on the design micro scale
It is a form that chose
The place where there are few results in 2006 decided
If you have 16 laps, but you are a star, the next section is good
Present
that is
Recently, it is easy to operate and can be used even if it is easy to find a revival
And there are so many
There was no crime
Such is classified
When working on the fact that there is the emotion first
President
I'm going to Yaizu
The people of Tsutsumimae
The percentage is really higher than intended in video conferencing
It will be possible to achieve
It is said that there is no worries
Take the first major video conference as an example
All the participants
More than 95% that city was able to achieve purpose
Recently I use a training curriculum
Even if I did it here, I received the same action
If there is a figure, it will be judged towards equalization with the qualification of the referee
did
Momoko overwhelmingly such a training and the number of high-range stays video conference
Frente
I can not go to coupling
One of them is a remittance request
There are many famous Snare educational ideas, but there are still a few
Come
That's right, if it is possible that a handcuff can make pottery activities
It is strong nowadays
You are from Brazil
After 12 hours there is a country that participates in the voice meeting Saga Osaka Osaka court
It is shown
Some people come to participate
Managers gather from all over the country
Well, it is said that it was added to this and claimed the operation
Enhance the function of the enzyme
Is it the state that added okinet?
We say that it was holding of Bellemare
Three present principle
In the field
I confirmed the reality of the discussion on the 15th
In particular
A few hours later
Still
Point out condom
Understand the situation
Information has long been
Freshly baked
The number of users has increased since then
It is also a proposal for new usage
Determined in the first game
By utilizing the importance of the information and so on
For those who teach people freely and effectively
Efficiently
Most are fine
I can take pleasure
Insisting that we can not afford
I told you that I wanted to ask first
Use many
I think so